Scoob do you realize where we are no
look here man the clean modernist thing
the cool-blue color palette
we're in Mikey oh did you say I can't
nope
I said Falcon fury just like you Shaggy
and Scooby were taken yeah this blue
light came down from the sky and beamed
them up thank you agree I have to assume
that if they were with their friends
they wouldn't have been kidnapped
okay can you skip the emotional
punishment it was some guy who owned the
Scooby and Shaggy I don't know but I'd
like to shake the hand of whoever
created this and then you know throw
that hand in prison for trying to kill
our friends
[Applause]
[Music]
this mangy stray is coming with me he's
not a stray
okay then what's his name his name's
Scooby middle name doobie last name do
[Music]
gentlemen welcome aboard this isn't
about some guy in a rubber mask I would
have gotten away with this and forward
for you meddling this is about one of us
[Music]
hang on turn on the lights
where are my balloons didi when I say
Falcon fury that's supposed to cue the
balloons oh great great timing you might
want to buckle up
[Music]
scooby-do-be-do maybe this can lead us
to our culprit jinkies apparently he's
been stealing Netflix by using his
mother's account that is not fair for
the rest of us who have to pay for
Netflix you have to pay for Netflix
if you want you can pull over and drop
us off here
I guess our new movie is an origin story
that we hear oh I want the rock to play
me
[Music]
you